---
title: Millennials
date: 2018-05-09 22:35:00 Z
---

Let's talk about millennials. Who are we? In a roaring sea of individuals with thousands of varying opinions and interests, what do we have in common that defines who we are as a generation? Many define us as narcissistic and entitled, never earning anything we have. But every generation has its self-centered individuals. It’s what we do as a collective whole, through our communities and organizations that define what we will be known for as a generation. Our passions and aspirations are no longer limited by our direct surroundings. We have the internet, which expands our knowledge a thousand-fold and created and entirely new mode of interaction amongst our society. We’ve been raised in a world where violence and sex are constantly televised, and thus we are desensitized to what older generations may have deemed outrageously uncouth. We may tend to idolize celebrities through well intentioned, but misguided zeal. Some of us spend twenty-four hours a day on the web, while others spend a generous two. Many of us are vegan, vegetarian, etc., while many of us don't care as long as there's food. But these new habits and trends do not mean we are without morals. Our religious affiliations are vast, but since when are they not? With a deep well of knowledge always at our fingertips, we have become the generation most accepting towards people of all backgrounds and religions, and we are more aware and considerate of people with disabilities and mental illness. Chivalry may be dead, but change is alive and never stops. If our chivalrous ancestors of long past could see us, what would they think about our generation? Would they make the same determinations as the baby boomers, and deem us narcistic, entitled millennials? Would they marvel at the adeptness with which we handle technology, shouting with glee at how far our species has come since the dark ages? Maybe they would be saddened, not by the change, but by how little we’ve changed. War, strife, hunger, and greed still remain in our midst. But that is what it means to live in this world, to face hardships and challenges. Every generation is human, regardless of the environment and century in which we are brought up in. We are a new generation of experimenters, dipping our toes into what’s already been done. Because it has been done before. But not by us. And we won't know until we try it. We test the limits, and sometimes we go too far. We are climbing to new heights, and if we fall, so be it. So call us whatever you want. We will be labelled and redefined by the generations after us by our actions and their consequences.  